Your Majesty's marriage?
People can't even eat
How can I eat meat?
People don't eat
And what do they eat?
Who is responsible for disaster control in the six departments?
Your Majesty
irresponsible for each other
Then you come and tell me
What do people eat in the year of catastrophe?
This year of catastrophe
People with better conditions eat Maeve
Rice bran wild vegetables
Poor people eat tree bark
Tree root Guanyin soil
Nazhi
Adopted son eats
How to adopt a son and eat
Are these people still human?
Even children eat
Your Majesty's people who are about to starve to death are no longer human
As long as I can live
They eat everything.
Such a trickster will starve to death
Then there is no need for disaster relief
Your Majesty, absolutely not
What does the prime minister mean by this?
If you don't quell the disaster, the people will take the risk
rebel
Jiangnan is the tax area of our government
Is the foundation of the country
Why don't you have something to do?
Then let's not be responsible for disaster relief.
Your Majesty's treasury is out of surplus
Who said they would give them food?
Such a diabolical person provides them with maifu and rice bran
Your Majesty, absolutely not
Selling bone rice soup
That's hygienically cooked food.
How can you feed it?
It would be nice to feed them
Such a diabolical person dares to eat even a child
Your Majesty, the matter is settled
Who dares to say more and punish the nine clans?
Li Aiqin
I'll leave this matter to you to go to Barra
obey the decree